"x"
"I like Samsung"
"Good phone"
"Very nice product"
"Very good product"
"This mobile good condition
After 1 year period
Not hang this device
Support 32 gb external memory card"
"Value for money...."
"Vere good product"
"GOOD PRODUCT"
"Excellent of this price"
"Very good items"
"Beharat tha ye Samantha"
"nice fantastic"
"Product is ok"
"Gud product"
"Good product"
"Excelent product"
"Supar mobile"
"Very nice go for it"
"I am happy to share my review that I received a good working and all proper phone. I have never suffered any problem in the phone till now. I am very happy with the product"
"Nice phone"
"Good
Product"
"Good mobile"
"Excellent Delivery"
"Nice Phone"
"very good product"
"Delivery period can be done fast"
"Fastest delivery..and good product"
"Nice product"
"Good
Awesome"
"Verry good"
"The product receive in good condition.Top condition of mobile is good."
"This phone is really pretty cool.."
"Nice product...."
"Good product"
"Thank you snapdeal.. for the deal and phone. J3 is best of its times among budget samsung phones."
"WELL DONE 

ITS PAISAWASUL PRODUCT"
"Shandar,jabarjast,jordar"
"Excellenr review"
"Good product"
"Iam buying first time in this phone from online store Snapdeal and best experience with the this site"
"Good phone"
"9cc products"
"Very good good performance"
"Super, good packing as well as device"
"Nice Product working fine till date"
"Super and nice phone but betry is not good"
"Samsung is Samsung"
"Delivery perfect... Keep it up"
"Osm nyc perfect"
"Very good phone"
"Very good quality phone. Working till now without having any issues."
"Nice phone working condition superb.... battery backup also good"
"Service is good"
"Nice work.."
"Better in using"
"Not a good"
"Nice Service"
"Very nice mobile"
"Still using it... Its been more that 2 years"
"Very good product"
"Very good product, since im using from May2016. but the price bit higher.(my purchase 8990RS, now its reduced with 16GB 7400RS only)"
"Good product"
"Good camera"
"Nice.phons"
"Nice Product"
"Thank you Snapdeal"
"very good model"
"Nice 5star wow"
"Ggggggg
Good"
"Awesome product"
"Good product,"
"Awesome products"
"Proper delivery at proper place at proer estimate time very giod service"
"Very nice product."
"Nice quality"
"A SUPERB DEVICE WITH AWESOME SPECS WITH GOOD QUALITY AND DURABILITY"
"Super phone"
"Good phone, one day battery usage phone."
"Vey fine quality"
"Good phone"
"good phone j3 and snapdeal good time pruduct"
"Nice. But average"
"Good design, Samsung brand, super Am OLED display, good battery life in 8k
So , great deal on Snapdeal.."
"Very good phone"
"I was satisfied with the product."
"Nice phone"
"Good service"
"Great experience"
"The camera of this mobile is outstanding in this budget."
"Thanks flipkart"
"Mst phone j3 hai"
"Abcdefcgijkl"
"Very easy to shopping on Snapdeal"
"i buy a sumsung phone from snapdeal i love it"
"Good and very useful."
"Good company"
"Thanks for the 
Snapdeal"
"nyc but memory is low"
"Excellent product"
"As per requirements."
"Camera is very good specially front for the selfie.still working good .no hangingr problem."
"best product, but 8gb built"
"Good phone on this price"
"Good mobile Snapdeal is the best"
"good wark and . good service"
"bahut hi pyara  h ye"
"good handest in this price"
"Good Mobile"
"Good quality"
"Best mobile"
"Nice service"
"Excellent phone"
"Good. Phone smart working"
"Nice product...excellent performance"
"Nice phone for normal using."
"Nice product"
"This phone is wery nice good backup good display quality camera is very good flash is nothing lowe is wery bright lighting.  So im using this phone in 1 year.. good phone"
"Nice service am fully satisfied"
"Item is best"
"good mobile"
"Using it since last 1 year. Still nice performance. Not hanged yet."
"Its somany features and good camera quality....4g,fantastic performance."
"Phone is osm"
"Thanks snapdeal..."
"Rural areas accept our online shop"
"YA I AM HAPPY"
"Best product after using 1 year and more no heating problem."
"Lovely proformence"
"Wao. ..so so nice products. ..thanks for snapdeal"
"Looking good"
"Good product"
"Still using without any problem.
Good phone."
"Samsung Galaxy j3 8gb it very good condition"
"Very good phone and every thing is best if somebody will buy this product he will on profit not at lost"
"Nice. Delivery time is perfect. The ph is good for normal users. Good camera quality."
"Good product"
"I always trust the product of Samsung bcoz really worthable and no lagging, no heating issue I strongly recommend the Samsung product."
"Good phone in low price"
"Nice one
No hanging problem
Good battery backup"
"Good product"
"Samsung reliable and affordable as ever. Decent features and good performance."
"Samsung J3"
"Value for money"
"Nice phone"
"Value of money"
"Easy to use this phone"
"Verý nice mobile .no hanging problem"
"Perfect as this price"
"I love ur safe and reaching product. I love Samsung and Snapdeal"
"Nice products"
"Nice one it was a great choice for me . Slim and stylish"
"Perfect samsung j3"
"Good product.... Value for money"
"Good mobile"
"Best ever Samsung 4G device under 8k....its worth my money"
"Nice phone value for money"
"Satisfaction..........."
"Thanks for snap deal early delver"
"Nic sarvise"
"I purchased it last year 2016 April 13th at price8990 . Still perfect no complaints. 
Good battery backup, good touch amoled , voice clarity receiver and speaker is good . As I like Samsung brand after somany reviews I bought it. And follow 40 to 80 charge rule. Thank you."
"Samsung j3 mobile very perfect mobile very2 good product .......thankyou"
"Mobile is very ossam...."
"Indians nombar 1 anroid mobail"
"Belive me  its a nice phone
I am satisfied with the phone
Good display
Nice sound quality
And good battery backup"
"Value for my little budget of wanting Samsung phone came into reality not a dream ...Thanks Snapdeal....."
"Samsung galaxy j3 wonderful  mobail"
"I had purchase this product for my sister on 22nd may the product is really very good & my sister is very happy for getting phone for her."
"Good.........."
"Nice phone"
"Good phone Samsung"
"About Product Beauty with brain
About Snapdeal Excellent work to reach product,thanks snapdeal"
"Very good 4g mobail in very cheep prise"
"I am a Old Buyer of Snapdeal.com . This product is working perfectly.... I am happy"
"owsm phone..."
"Mast offer mila i am happy"
"Looks nice and easy to use good camera quality..love this product and suggest everyone to go for it.."
"Phone is good on this range . Thankx snap deal forget  this offer j3-6  in 6300"
"Definitely by the phone,  valu for money"
"I try in future to shop on sd"
"Value for money"
"Wow I like this phone at great price.....Thanks Snapdeal for such a great deal."
"All things is good except speaker is low, overall phone is very smooth, camera quality good , display good, battery life avarage"
"good mobail"
"awesome products"
"nyc very nyc...."
"Product Delevery nahi mili mujhe abhi tak"
"Great job!!"
"No complients"
"Very happy with the product light weight,reach our Expectations.Thanks for  Fast delivery by Snapdeal."
"Product is very good ,colour  is also awesome...mobile camera quality is also good.thank you @snapdeal"
"<U+0C2C><U+0C3E><U+0C17><U+0C41><U+0C02><U+0C26><U+0C02><U+0C21><U+0C40> <U+0C2A><U+0C4D><U+0C30><U+0C4A><U+0C21><U+0C15><U+0C4D><U+0C1F><U+0C4D>"
"Go for this product"
"Superb phone, nice camera quality, all other features are very good."
"Thanks a lot"
"Nice to use . Size is perfect"
"Nice mobile"
"Super your service"
"awesome mobile"
"Asali phone I love it"
"Good phone"
"Battery life is not good."
"awsm set ,vry 9c camera quality,thnx 2 snpdl 4 dis best prdct.."
"Awesome product
Camera 10/10
Display 10/10
Performance 10/10
Gaming 9/10"
"It's a good product"
"i am using it past 3months no problem"
"Delivery is very fast...thanks snapdeal"
"Good phone.... and most importantly genuine phone by snapdeal at best price."
"Good product"
"Samsung j3 camera , ram and it's design is good"
"looking beautiful"
"Good phone in this price range and good service fro snapdeal"
"so sleem & dashing shape of the mobile.
good camera quality .
but ram & rom not good <U+0001F60E><U+0001F609><U+0001F618>"
"Work well......"
"I like it.but hot"
"Samsung quality..No Doubt abt it"
"Very nice phone....camera quality very nice"
"Nice product. Reached on time. Product packaging was good."
"It was delayed in delivery, though the product is worth it...."
"Wow nce phone good experience for samsung nce camera 8mp rear real beautiful colors..thanku saller and snapdeal its great product ...charger  is not good...heet up charger....only 1 problem..."
"Very nice mobile"
"Good , full packing and delivery"
"less ram, rom and battery life is a big problem.."
"Simple and cool"
"Very nice service"
"The product is hanging"
"Good Phone"
"Nice Product ...But a bit delay in delivery of course with notifications"
"I'm buy this smartphone 15 days before . 15 days later working too good not lagging gaming experience very fast  and camera is too good nice mobile at this price"
"This is a very good smart phone. Configuration is fairly good. Good camera phone."
"Best mobile phone under8000"
"This device fulfils all the basic requirements from a smartphone at a reasonable price. Perfect one at this range."
"Good product i have ever seen.camera quality is best.mobile looking is also good."
"It looks like premium very lite weight and very slim one conclusion is it has loe internal memory otherwise it still the price"
"The screen in fantastic"
"gud ap for dealing any type of product"
"Phone,packaging ok but Nfc tag not in the box"
"The product is very nice and in affordable price....nice product overall"
"It is very good product  i love it thanks snapdeal"
"No I m happy with the seller and services"
"Camera and Display quality much better"
"Good experience"
"The phone is very sleek and fast"
"all good but battery some less than others another wise perfect osame"
"I need 2 more piece for my family members"
"But battery life is not so good"
"Its good phone"
"Yes I got the new Samsung Mobile Phone j3 this is my second phone"
"No problem I am happy"
"Superb phone on this price and touch quality is exillent"
"snap deal delivery and product both are perfect"
"I didn't expect great phone in this price"
"Service is good"
"Average product , confused about original Samsung's product or not !!!"
"Very Nice very nice"
"Nice product"
"J3 is a good mobile but its battery not so good.All over performence is  very good."
"Overall Phone is very good...worth buying...and sd delivered phone on time"
"Good one nice product"
"Value for money and Samsung it's trusted brand and Snapdeal give us best deals and products"
"really a gud phone wid bst picture quality n camera .."
"camera quality awsm"
"nice          ."
"gooooooooooooood"
"Good ..good best"
"best product"
"Nice product"
"Good mobile, I like it"
"Super but dilevery is let  (express dilevery let)"
"Very good phone"
"best, very fast & secure service of Snapdeal
       thanks Snapdeal"
"Good picture quality and nice design...
Batery backup is very poor..."
"Fast delivery"
"nice product only battery backup lower qualy...otherwise everything good..."
"Nice device"
"Wonderful perfect must buy..
Snapdeal service is also too good"
"Bahut accha mobile hai.camera or disply or v mast hai."
"Not bad not bad samsung"
"This is just perfect with awesome display and looks like expensive phone"
"This device is really good no complant but battery backup is  not gud"
"BEST PHONE IN SAMSUNG"
"nice product"
"Good phone and happy with it....worth
Thank you 
Good camera quality"
"good phone"
"nyc mobile"
"Snapdeal delivered within 2 days tq snapdeal"
"Good product"
"valyu for money device"
"Good j3 mobile"
"A superb phone in this price range from SAMSUNG."
"nice mobile from samsung good looking lite weight best performance and nice delivery by snapdeal."
"Super very good"
"I like Samsung j3"
"j3 good phone"
"Very good quality of camera and features are very good at this rate !"
"Awesome phone & snapdeal delivery on the time."
"Good pic........"
"Please helf me and find my phone"
"is product is very good"
"Those who want to purchase this item . I say its the best choice from Samsung at this price range."
"It is awesome......."
